refactor!: match target triple for `TAURI_ENV_ARCH` (#8486)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/cli-hooks-env-vars-breaking.md

---
'tauri-cli': 'patch:breaking'
'@tauri-apps/cli': 'patch:breaking'
---

> Removed `TAURI_ENV_PLATFORM_TYPE` and will not be set for CLI hook commands anymore, use `TAURI_ENV_PLATFORM` instead. Also Changed value of `TAURI_ENV_PLATFORM` and `TAURI_ENV_ARCH` values to match the target triple more acuratly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed `TAURI_ENV_PLATFORM_TYPE` which will not be set for CLI hook commands anymore, use `TAURI_ENV_PLATFORM` instead. Also Changed value of `TAURI_ENV_PLATFORM` and `TAURI_ENV_ARCH` values to match the target triple more accurately:
```
